-   ~~Create stories on Sunday~~

-   ~~Plan dev environment~~

-   ~~Start setting up CI/CD, CI/CD should verify html, verify
    accessibility, probably run some javascript tests.~~

Work Plan

-   Work on mobile screen issue, make the tarot cards smaller

-   Work on login system

-   Finishing setting up CI/CD html/css validation, make sure current
    commit passes all actions

*Describe how you will operate as a team and define your sprint
structure, style and timelines including sprint length, planning,
reviews and retrospections, and reports. We will have an update mid term
to review the effectiveness of your chosen style.*

We will have 1 week sprints since time is limited. With standup meetings
at the end of the week for workplans and retrospections. We will use
pair programming

We will write down retrospectives about what issues we ran into and what
worked so we can do better in the future. Ex. Our tests didn't cover and
issue that popped up

**Provide sequencing information** of activities to show the management
an ordered overview of the work plan.

Stories are numbered and tasks are named and numbered based on the story
they correspond to

**Estimate and prioritize** your tasks. Once again, make sure to
describe your process (e.g. time vs. story points, numerical or
categorical scales etc.).

Our tasks will have the same priority and be completed by pairs, pairs
will decide which parts of their tasks are highest priority

## Dev Environment

-   install npm

-   Needs to run as a nodejs project locally

-   VSCode (with Live Server extension) or WebStorm

-   Should integrate with git easily

-   We can use chrome and firefox devtools and debuggers

CI/CD

## Stories

Stories - *A user story is an informal, general explanation of a
software feature written from the perspective of the end user. Its
purpose is to articulate how a software feature will provide value to
the customer.*

Accessible to all sizes: As a user experiencing difficulties using the
tarot web application due to its lack of compatibility with different
screen sizes, I want the application to be optimized for desktop and
mobile viewing, making sure that it works for all sizes.

Login: As a user seeking personalized tarot readings and the ability to
save my readings, I want the web app to feature a user login system that
allows me to create an account, securely login, and access my saved
readings anytime.

### Using the application on a mobile screen

Instead of visiting the website on a computer, the user uses a smaller
screened device, they open the web app and generate a fortune. Also it
would be accessible for any resolution screen with visible and appealing
components.

#### Requirements

-   All three cards should be visible when the user reads their fortune

-   No elements should be cut off

#### Construction

-   Should be as simple as applying CSS based on screen width

### Daily fortune 

We want users to be able to read a fortune that tells them what they
could expect for their day

### Daily Fortune 

### Using the website as visually impaired

A visually impaired person uses the website, can a web browser read

Plan how we're gonna implement our first new feature, daily fortune

involving a database, and likely an account system

![](media/image3.png){width="4.7933716097987755in"
height="3.1718755468066493in"}

![](media/image2.png){width="4.427405949256343in"
height="2.7529385389326335in"}

Wire Frame Diagram:

![](media/image1.png){width="6.5in" height="3.8055555555555554in"}
